are you looking for just the right
touches to add to your landscaping
project create ex tone has several
different products that will enhance any
yard home or business we have a variety
of address stones and boulders and our
boundary light and mailbox posts help
create that realistic stone look to
finish off any location perfectly
everyone likes to relax and enjoy the
sights and sounds of a trickling
waterfall create ex tone has several
small large and custom waterfalls and
water features making any outdoor space
peaceful serene and most of all
attractive our product has many
advantages over other artificial stone
products when used in water features or
gardens our stone will resist the
build-up of algae calcium or any other
organic growth it will never leak lime
create X unique patented composition
will not change with exposure to water
sunlight or temperature if chipped it
will look just like real chipped stone
because the color and texture are
infused throughout best of all this
product is incredibly light compared to
real stone it weighs just over two
pounds per square foot and can be easily
installed and transported create tech
products are very easy to install take
this septic vent for example simply
remove the bent elbow by cutting the
tube at the right height then cover the
tube with one of our boundary posts or
septic covers to cut down on odor from
the vent charcoal filters are also
available if you have any questions or
would like to see the wide variety of
create text own products go to create X
stone calm that's wwc Rea Tek stone calm